# My Personal Project

## Text adventure RPG?

So the proposal needs to answer the following questions:
- What will the application **do**?
- **Who** will use it?
- Why is this project of *interest* to **you**?

The application will be a minimalist text-based 
adventure game that allows players to make choices 
and interact with the story using button-based 
interactions. The game will have an immersive story 
with multiple endings, creating a unique experience 
for each player.

The application will be used by people who enjoy 
text-based adventure games and are looking for a 
unique and immersive gaming experience. It will also
be suitable for people who appreciate minimalistic 
design and enjoy games that allow them to make 
choices and affect the outcome of the story.

This project is of interest to me because I have a 
passion for creating interactive and engaging gaming 
experiences. I am also interested in minimalistic 
design and the concept of creating a unique 
experience for each player through multiple endings. 
Additionally, I believe text-based adventure games 
are an underappreciated genre, and I am excited to 
contribute to its resurgence in popularity.